menu.play:			Play
menu.profile:			Profile
menu.settings:			Settings
menu.editor:			Editor
menu.quit:			Quit
menu.back:			Back
menu.main:			Yay! A cool game :D
menu.settings.fullscreen:	Fullscreen
menu.settings.volume_music:	Music Volume
menu.settings.volume_sfx:	Effect Volume
menu.settings.anti-aliasing:	Anti-Aliasing
menu.settings.vsync:		Enable V-Sync
menu.play.new:			New Game
menu.play.load:			Load a saved game
menu.play.join:			Join a game
menu.editor.new_map:		New Map
menu.editor.new_pack:		New Pack
menu.editor.edit_map:		Edit Map
menu.editor.edit_pack:		Edit Pack
editor.exit:			Exit the editor
editor.save:			Save
editor.open:			Open
editor.objects:			Objects
editor.tiles:			Tiles
editor.map:			Map
editor.map.name:		Map name:
editor.map.width:		Map Width: [1]
editor.map.height:		Map Height: [1]
editor.map.players:		Playernumber: [1]
editor.error.noname:		You need to give this level a name to save it!
editor.test:			Test
editor.selected_entity:		Selected Object
editor.entity.type:		Type: [1]
editor.entity.destroy:		Destroy
editor.attribute.player_index:	Player Index
gp.floor_button:		Floor Button
gp.spawn:			Spawnpoint